# Daily Journal - 2025-04-29

## 1. What I did today:
- Learn CyseC . Did iptables practicals 
- Did graphic design course
- Wasted time on photoshop doing nothing
- Worked on code for the new task in this sprint

## 2. What I achieved today:
- Learnt about iptables and did practicals . Progress acheived
- Got praise from a colleague about my excellent code and its logic in work
- No distraction from instagram by uninstalling it

## 3. Tasks Completed:
- Completed coding for one of my sprint story

## 4. Progress towards goals:
- **Goal: Weight Loss / Health**
  - Action Taken: Eat a lot of food . Lot of rice . No walking , no exercise
  - Result/Outcome: Weight gain and now activeness or metabolism boost 
  
- **Goal: CySec Job
  - Action Taken: Learnt iptables and firewalls in linux and did practicals.
  - Result/Outcome: Real time understanding of how firewalls work in linux

- **Goal: Self-Development**
  - Action Taken: Prayed today and learnt illustrator.
  - Result/Outcome: Know and got understanding how path finder works in illustrator and little motivated in the morning from the prayer

## 5. Challenges faced today:
- Controlling the food hunger . Couldn't eat healthy and ate lot of out of diet
- Got distracted and couldn't get much work done and didn't upload zephyr evidence of last sprint

## 6. Learnings/Reflections:
- Not to keep the TV on while working . It distracts you a lot
- Eat healthy and on time. Stick to alarms and prepare your own lunch and dinner 
- Eat dinner by time and light healthy.
- And walk for 20 minutes after dinner . 
- Start off all the tasks once you open laptop in login hours and start all tasks if stuck on one and complete script or start script development for tasks

## 7. What I can improve tomorrow:
- Walk for 8k steps and take stairs everytime
- Drink plenty of water 
- I'll wake up by 8 am and stick to alarms
- Close phone and TV by 11:30 PM.
- Improve work productivity and save time by completing coding for 2 tasks
- Eat healthy and do intermittent fasting
- See how well you remember about iptables . Implement spaced repetition

## 8. Self-Assessment:
- **Productivity (Rate 1-5):** 3
- **Motivation (Rate 1-5):** 2
- **Focus (Rate 1-5):** 2
- **Energy levels (Rate 1-5):** 2
- **Emotional well-being (Rate 1-5):** 4

## 9. Mindset & Mood Tracker:
- **Overall mood today:** Calm and chill
- **Mindset focus for today:** Career growth mindset
  
## 10. Health & Fitness:
- **Physical activity today:** 2313 64KCAL
- **Food intake:** Lot of carbs rice and unhealthy choices
- **Sleep quality:** Better sleep and wokeup rested
  
## 11. Gratitude/Positive Thoughts:
- Positive and happy that I'm doing something good for project . 

## 12. End-of-day Reflection:
- (How do you feel about the day overall? What did you learn, and how can you do better tomorrow?)
- I feel overall little better. Could focus more on productive things and less by distractions . And stop procrastinating things and prioritise what's most important . And get things done on time and not waste time by being distracted for more than 5 mins . Do the things in the allocated alarm time
