# Daily Journal - 2025-04-28

## 1. What I did today:
- Wokeup and bath early. 
- Prayed to god.
- Learn about firewalls , iptables in CySec
- Learned little graphic design illustrator course
- Successfully prepared for demo and gave fantastic demo
- Tooks notes about marketing

## 2. What I achieved today:
- Gave fantastic demo I believe
- Learned about firewalls - CySec Notes

## 3. Tasks Completed:
- Learnt iptables and firewalls 

## 4. Progress towards goals:
- **Goal: Weight Loss / Health**
  - Action Taken: Ate 3 chapathis overly . Out of diet
  - Result/Outcome: Feeling bloated
  
- **Goal: CySec Job
  - Action Taken: Learned about firewalls iptables and took notes
  - Result/Outcome: Little idea on iptables and firewalls. 

- **Goal: Self-Development**
  - Action Taken: Read a book , took notes and did brain teasers
  - Result/Outcome: Learned how marketing works , feel little good after doing the subtraction brain teaser . Giving brain a work after lot of days

## 5. Challenges faced today:
- Unable to control my hunger today at dinner . Ate more than I felt hunger.
- Procrastinated and didn't upload evidence or did any office work

## 6. Learnings/Reflections:
- Eat healthy and on time. Stick to alarms and prepare your own lunch and dinner 
- Eat dinner by time and light healthy.
- And walk for 20 minutes after dinner . 
- Start off all the tasks once you open laptop in login hours and start all tasks if stuck on one and complete script or start script development for tasks

## 7. What I can improve tomorrow:
- Walk for 8k steps and take stairs everytime
- Drink plenty of water 
- I'll wake up by 8 am and stick to alarms
- Close phone and TV by 11:30 PM.
- And I'll uninstall instagram and stop checking it

## 8. Self-Assessment:
- **Productivity (Rate 1-5:** 3
- **Motivation (Rate 1-5):** 3
- **Focus (Rate 1-5):** 2
- **Energy levels (Rate 1-5):** 3
- **Emotional well-being (Rate 1-5):** 4

## 9. Mindset & Mood Tracker:
- **Overall mood today:** Calm okay . No worries or stress . 
- **Mindset focus for today:** Growth mindset till lunch , then lazy mindset afterall  
## 10. Health & Fitness:
- **Physical activity today:** 1315 steps / 32KCAL
- **Food intake:** Dosa unhealthy , lunch minimal healthy , dinner completely out of diet
- **Sleep quality:** Very well and yes woke up rested
  
## 11. Gratitude/Positive Thoughts:
- Positive about I could get promotion by helping the project grow by developing new tools . 
- I'm grateful that people are praying for my well being and taking interest in my life
- I'm grateful and positive that i am taking my job trials seriously . Got little spiritual and started praying

## 12. End-of-day Reflection:
- (How do you feel about the day overall? What did you learn, and how can you do better tomorrow?)
- I feel overall little better. Could focus more on productive things and less by distractions . And stop procrastinating things and prioritise what's most important . And get things done on time and not waste time by being distracted for more than 5 mins . Do the things in the allocated alarm time
- 